Title: Electrical Supplies Online And Electrical Wholesalers,,,Markdown Content:,Great service from Electrical World who offer a wide range of products at fantastic prices and a speedy service. I will definitely be buying from them again.,,Vve De Wachters P/A Jmp Van Vugt,,Duidelijke website, prima prijs en goed product. Daarbij een snelle levering.,,I ordered item online and received very promptly,,Abingdon, United Kingdom, 3 weeks ago,,Prompt delivery and a very nice product at reasonable price.,,Drumlish, Ireland, 3 weeks ago,,Super response to getting my product on time. I was thrilled with the rapid in time delivery.,,Waterford, Ireland, 3 weeks ago,,I bought some rhino flexitubs. What a difference from the usual cheap alternatives. Much better quality. Time will tell how they stand up to the rigours of gardening. Very efficient service from Electrical World.,,New Milton, United Kingdom, 4 weeks ago,,Just want to write a review about my experience with electrical world, got my order so quick and I was so happy with the product definitely will use this company again.,,Drumlish, Ireland, 4 weeks ago,,Great website and competitive pricing . Shipping was fast and efficient. Thank you for your service,,Fantastic service, easy to use website, all the descriptions and measurements needed, to make an informed choice. Item arrived on time and packed securely. Will definitely be using Electrical World again!! Thank you,,,Received my item very quickly. Thank you,,Dublin, Ireland, 4 weeks ago,,Delivery was excellent. Product is good value for money.,,Mullingar, Ireland, 4 weeks ago,,Hugh rage of items at very competitive prices. Prompt dispatch. Couldn't recommend more. ,,,,Hull, United Kingdom, 4 weeks ago,,Got here well packaged but took a round about route via Trowbridge, so took a week. Worked well straight out of the box though.,,Cheap prices for what I bought (Christmas light bulbs), good products and clear communication about shipping.,,Order was shipped same day as last placed the order. Item was exactly as advertised. Excellent service,,Thank you for the prompt service and delivery.,,Great price fast shipping exactly what I was looking for,,Brooklyn, United States, 1 month ago,,My dog food came in good time thank you,,Excellent service, item arrived promptly and in good order. Thank you.,,My order was dealt with and despatched very quickly. Arrived before the stated date. Very pleased with service and ordered item.,