Title: Lithium Ion Phosphate Battery Pack Manufacturer With 15 Years R&D & OEM Experience,,,Markdown Content:,LiFePO4 Battery Pack and Lithium UPS Manufacturer With 15 Years ODM And OEM Experience,--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------,,One of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of lithium Ion battery pack in China since 2009. We can supply 12V & 24V & 48V LifePo4 solar battery.,,,One of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of lithium Ion battery pack in China since 2009. We can supply 12V & 24V & 48V LiFePo4 solar battery.,,VIRTUE's service Always Go Extra Mile,-------------------------------------,,Virtue is a major professional lithium-ion battery supplier with more than 15 years in China. Main products including the LiFePO4 Drop-in Replacement Battery, Rack Mounted battery, Power-wall battery, Mobile Energy Storage Power Supply Trailer, and Portable Power Station, and any OEM custom battery projects are welcome.,,,Virtue Battery offers a series of Rack lithium battery models, including 5kWh, 10kWh, 15kWh, and 20kWh, which are most essential roles of solar energy storage and the flexible energy storage solution widely used in various installation scenarios, such as supermarkets, commercial buildings, industrial, bank, and can be connected in parallel or series form a low or high voltage system or scale the energy storage. With high security, efficient, easy-to-install, and cost-effective advantages.,,*   From,2.5kWh - 1MWh, we can offer you the desired capacity for your application needs.,*   Match with a wide range of 48V-1000V inverters in the market,*   Strictly comply with international applicable safety standards: IEC62619, ROHS, CE-EMC, MSDS, UN38.3,,Virtue Battery has focused on sustainable and innovative home energy storage since 2009. Our power-wall lithium batteries are use CATL LiFePO4 cell and BYD prismatic cell batteries, which are in high reliability and great performance with various capacity options available: 5Kwh,10kWh, 15kWh,20kWh. Virtue,s mounted-wall batteries are flexibly expanded to meet different home energy needs. NO Minimums. OEM & ODM customization support.,,*   Compatible with over 20+ 48V home inverters.,*   ,6,000 cycles lifetime + Extended 10 YEARS warranty,*   Compliant with international safety testing standards: IEC62619, UN38.3, ROHS, CE-EMC, MSDS, UN38.3,,,,Virtue has been manufacturing the LITHIUM replacement lead Acid LiFePO4 premium series batteries that offer BMS-controlled safety, with the advantages of 6000 cycles long life, lightning-fast charging performance, and real-time Bluetooth access to battery state of charge, voltage, and temperature status.,,Furthermore, we offer a variety of BCI standard size or OEM custom solutions for easy drop-in replacement to meet clients, unique application needs in the most cost-effective and sustainable. Contact us to get a FREE consultation on technical assistance.,,*   70% lighter than standard lead acid batteries;,*   Fast charging without overheating and gassing;,*   No acid, no lead, not-toxic substances;,*   Widely application: RV, inverter trolley, residential solar system, floor machines and UPS etc;,,We offer customized portable power stations with a high volume of power to charge electronic devices when in an off-grid situation. From smaller products like smartphone, and laptops, to campers, fridge, coffee maker, and CPAP machine, tent, boat, and even home emergency blackouts, our portable power stations is always your strong backup. Various storage capacities can be offered: 200W, 600W, 1000W, 1500W, 3000W. The 3000W model also could be the industrial temporary charging system.,,*   200watt to 3000watt optional, high wattage output, good using experience.,*   Multiple charging methods: Solar panel, cigar socket and AC adapter. It is convenient to charge the portable power supply anywhere;,*   Excellent light-duty power station, offering a compact design, an easy-to-read display, and several outputs, for example: fast-charging USB, Type-C, AC(support to customize your country standard);,,,Your Best OEM & ODM SolutionLithium Batteries Manufacturer In China,,,---------------------------------------------------------------------,,,*   Our professional technicians are at your disposal, local visiting for technical support. Virtue was not another lithium-iron batteries supplier but also your best and most reliable energy storage solutions partner in China. We looking forward to a long-term partnership with you and growing our business together.,,### What Makes Us Better?,,*   Providing the best energy storage solutions with custom brands to service clients' needs with the most competitive prices.,*   Regular internal training on the latest industry knowledge to ensure that our team has first-class professional skills to provide fast and efficient customer service and truly understand clients needs.,*   Conduct monthly meetings with clients for technology exchange so that we can provide them the prompt and accurate information and technical support.,*   Constantly market researching and after-sales tracking to collecting the information and customers feedback, we work tirelessly to improve our products and services to better meet your unique application needs.,*   Offer a multitude of delivery options with lower costs to get your lithium battery pack orders to your facility quickly and safely.,,Inverter Compatible,-------------------,,Our LiFePO4 solar battery now can fully match all hybrid and off-grid inverter brands in the world, ,making it a seamless and hassle-free addition to any home solar system. ,Manufactured with full digital voltage and current double closed-loop control, advanced SPWM technology, and the output of pure sine wave. Viture,s lithium battery is your high-performing home power backup solution.,,*   Pure sine wave solar inverter,*   High PV input voltage range(120~500VDC),*   Wifi&GPRS available for IOS and Android,*   Inverter running without battery,*   Advanced MPPT technology with an efficiency of 99.9%,*   Smart battery charge design to optimize battery life,*   Built-in anti-dusk kit for harsh environment,,,,Summbit A Quick Quote,---------------------,,Trusted Lithium Battery Manufacturer For Best-Known Brands In the World,-----------------------------------------------------------------------,,Our lithium battery has a lot of benefits to many residential solar project, commercial electricity project, emergency power project etc.,,### Full Expertise:,,Virtue is a professional lithium battery pack manufacturer who focus on LiFePo4 battery development and OEM service for more than 15 years. We aim to provide worldwide clients with high-efficiency and cost-effective energy storage solutions for home, industrial, and commercial.,,### Excellent Quality:,,All our lithium-ion batteries used international top brands of lithium cells including the BYD and CATL, which allows higher security and durability. And our all models have passed the international applicable safety tests, including UL1642, IEC62619, UN38.3, ROHS, CE-EMC. With Extended 10 YEARS warranty.,,### Warranty & Technical Support:,,Industry-leading after-sales warranty along with strong technical support to meet your project needs. Virture provides the client's program that allows the dealers to employee training, co-marketing, and supply-chain sharing.,,What Our Partners Say!,----------------------,,Thanks so much!! Alice, Today I received the 12V 120Ah battery is very good quality, as you said, bigger capacity. We will place more orders on next month.,,,Our company have worked with Virtue battery company for the past ten years, and I'm so glad to choose them before. My customers have never complained about your company lithium battery products because they're so good.,,,Barbara Smith,,Purchase Manager,,Thanks so much to Google, let's find out about Virtue battery company and purchase great lithium battery products. Let our company grow up so fast.,,,Your Custom LiFePo4 Battery Pack Questions Answered!,----------------------------------------------------,,##### Have Other Questions? Get In Touch Now! We're Online To Support.,,### Can I get free sample of 12V lithium battery,,,At Virtue Battery, we understand the importance of customer satisfaction. While we don,t offer FREE samples as a standard practice, we have a special policy in place to ensure your utmost satisfaction. When you place a bulk order with us, we are pleased to refund the sample cost, demonstrating our commitment to providing you with exceptional value and a seamless purchasing experience.,,### What's your advantage compared with other suppliers?,,Virtue Battery extends beyond highly competitive prices and exceptional quality. We are dedicated to partnering with you, offering promotional materials, compelling content, and on-site technical support. We are also eager to introduce potential clients to you, making you our local representative. Experience a seamless collaboration with Virtue Battery, where we go the extra mile to support your success.,,### Do you accept custom on Lithium ion phosphate battery pack?,,Absolutely YES! By taking over 15 years of development and production experience in lithium battery applications we,re able to respond to your requirements according to your specific application needs to design feasible solutions for you with an experienced perspective. By providing the BMS, customizable development of 2 core technologies, solar battery banks, system integration, and overall solution designing ability. Virtue always aims to offer you the high-efficient products with the most competitive prices.,,### How long does the LifoPO4 Battery production take?,,On average the lead time is approximately 2 weeks for the small batch, and typically won,t be over 4 weeks even for the larger quantities. Please share more about your application needs so that our team can design the best energy storage solutions to meet your needs in a short time.,,### What,s your main products and hot selling products in your company?,,Li ion battery pack; Ebike battery; Li-polymer battery; LiFePO4 battery pack.,,### Are you lithium products have warranty?,,Yes! All our lithium battery models have a 3-5 years warranty with 10 years extension.,,### What,s your main LiFePO4 Battery equipment?,,Capacity test machine, Automatic select machine, Automatic welding machine, Semi-Automatic welding machine, Print machine, Tangent machine, SMT machine, All-purpose tester, etc.,,### How many engineers and QC to Confirm My Li-Ion Battery product?,,5 engineers(circuit engineer, structure engineer, process engineer, R&D engineer, chief engineer), 9 QC(IQC(2), in-process QC(3), OQC(2), Surface inspection QC(1), BMS QC(1)),