Title: Home - Powerlite Fitzgerald,,,Markdown Content:,Your browser does not support HTML video.,,Innovating and manufacturing,----------------------------,,lighting solutions in the UK for almost 40 years,,scroll indicator,,*   Outdoor,    ,    Visage,    ------,    ,    The Visage is a modern street lighting luminaire made from die-cast aluminium. The luminaire can be supplied in a range of outputs and optional extras. It is IP66 rated and is made with a die-cast aluminium body,    ,    ,*   Bulkhead,    ,    LED 5,    -----,    ,    A vandal resistant luminaire manufactured from spun aluminium housing with a unique double skin construction and side conduit entry. Available with vandal resistant screws,    ,    ,*   Recessed,    ,    Aspire,    ------,    ,    The Aspire is a versatile and elegant lighting solution. It features a low-glare design (UGR <16), adjustable colour temperatures, and multiple LED modules for different output levels. Offering high efficiency, TP(a) compliance, and a range of optional extras to suit any specification.,    ,    ,*   Outdoor,    ,    Regor 11 Sport,    --------------,    ,    The ultimate LED solution for traditional SON and metal halide floodlight fixtures, providing optimum light levels. This highly efficient LED floodlight is the perfect solution for a variety of sporting applications. Whether illuminating a rugby pitch, football pitch, tennis facility, a track and field stadium, or other sporting arena, our floodlight system is capable of delivering high-quality lighting that enhances the playing experience for athletes and spectators alike,    ,    ,*   Horticultural,    ,    Hygrow | HY250D,    ---------------,    ,    Improving crop health & reducing energy consumption, the Hygrow range are die-cast luminaires that are engineered with precision and durability. Offering unparalleled performance and versatility for indoor plant cultivation. With a unique design that ensures even light distribution, with adjustable spectral blends that cater to your plants, specific needs. Experience the perfect balance of power and efficiency, coupled with low maintenance requirements.,    ,    ,*   Industrial,    ,    Starmax,    -------,    ,    LED aisle racking and high bay luminaire with a modular, die-cast aluminium heat sink. The energy efficient, high performance LED luminaire for warehouse and factory applications,    ,    ,*   Industrial,    ,    Impact,    ------,    ,    A versatile highbay luminaire designed for high efficiency. Available with integral emergency Lithium batteries as standard, additional energy savings can be made when interfaced with smart controls,    ,    ,    ,*   Hazardous,    ,    Mintaka | ATEX Zone 2,22,    ------------------------,    ,    Designed to work in harsh environments the Mintaka is a dustproof lighting fixture with splash water resistance designed for lighting of areas with danger of explosion. The lighting fixture is certified by FTZU Ostrava-Radvanice (certificate type FTZU 16 ATEX 0102X),    ,    ,*   Outdoor,    ,    Visage,    ------,    ,    The Visage is a modern street lighting luminaire made from die-cast aluminium. The luminaire can be supplied in a range of outputs and optional extras. It is IP66 rated and is made with a die-cast aluminium body,    ,    ,*   Bulkhead,    ,    LED 5,    -----,    ,    A vandal resistant luminaire manufactured from spun aluminium housing with a unique double skin construction and side conduit entry. Available with vandal resistant screws,    ,    ,*   Recessed,    ,    Aspire,    ------,    ,    The Aspire is a versatile and elegant lighting solution. It features a low-glare design (UGR <16), adjustable colour temperatures, and multiple LED modules for different output levels. Offering high efficiency, TP(a) compliance, and a range of optional extras to suit any specification.,    ,    ,*   Outdoor,    ,    Regor 11 Sport,    --------------,    ,    The ultimate LED solution for traditional SON and metal halide floodlight fixtures, providing optimum light levels. This highly efficient LED floodlight is the perfect solution for a variety of sporting applications. Whether illuminating a rugby pitch, football pitch, tennis facility, a track and field stadium, or other sporting arena, our floodlight system is capable of delivering high-quality lighting that enhances the playing experience for athletes and spectators alike,    ,