Title: Home | Herrmann Ultraschall,,,Markdown Content:,Benefit from the unique services of our HERRMANN ENGINEERING, with which we make your project a success! As Trusted Advisor we are at your side worldwide and develop together with you exactly the right solution for your application - fast, efficient and economical.,,We work with you to develop customized solutions which correspond to your demands precisely. As experts in our field, we develop applications which make your project a success. Here, we rely on long-standing technology partnerships and the results from over 40 high-tech laboratories around the world.,,We offer a premium product portfolio with the highest quality standards , Made in Germany. We stand for top weld results, professional integration and durability of all ultrasonic components and modules for an economical overall solution.,,We guarantee reliability, safety and a quick on-site service as part of our concept, and immediate support in over 20 countries. For you, this means quick help when you really need it , at any time and in your local language.,,A simple route to more sustainability: not a problem with our efficient ultrasonic technology! The ability to do without joining materials and the low energy consumption mean that your production process will automatically become more sustainable. Reliable bonding will also reduce your rejects and prevent you from generating unnecessary waste.,,,What makes Herrmann so special? What motivates us? We don't just want to bond,materials, but most importantly the people behind them.,From customers, partners and suppliers,to employees and their families, all the way to our community, we want to bring together all those with whom we come into contact.,,BONDING - MORE THAN MATERIALS is our central idea that unites us and drives us to perform at our best every day. It is the reason why our customers trust us. It is our WHY.,,Did you know? A large number of every-day products are welded using ultrasonics. Our technology is used in many different industries to permanently bond plastic materials and nonferrous metals.,,,,Highest weld quality: Vehicle parts must be joined to be tight, strong, dimensionally accurate and visually impeccable. Ultrasonic welding is a fast and economic solution for this complex task.,,,For packaging with thermoplastic sealing layers, such as capsules, pouches, drink cartons, cups and trays, ultrasonic sealing provides a large number of options: above all, high cycle rates and tight seals despite potential product residues in the seal area.,,,Ultrasonic welding of nonwovens is an extremely fast and stable process that is easily repeatable and directly available without the need for pre-heating. The technology allows for simultaneous embossing, laminating and cutting.,,,The requirements for quality and safety of medical parts are very high: in addition to tightness, strength and minimal generation of particles, process validation and process stability also are important factors in manufacturing.,,,The requirements of components for the electronics industry have become increasingly complex and wide-ranging: Tightness, accurate dimensions, and the impeccable visual appearance of surfaces are typical quality criteria.,,,Highest weld quality: Process visualization and process stability provide for product safety and repeatability. Small footprint for easy integration into production lines. Ultrasonic metal welding is the ideal solution for maximum quality in production.,,,Individual requirements for the wide range of consumer components are very high: tightness, strength, dimensional accuracy, perfect visual appearance and surface finish are standard.,,,The concept of automation covers different fields of application for ultrasonic technology: Weld systems integrated in an automatic system, individual components used in special-type welding machines, or flexible use in robot cells.,,Strong but also visually appealing connections: Both were deciding factors for the production of the new electronic fabric refresher FreshUp. In order to meet them, BSH Hausger,te GmbH chose ultrasonics as the most suitable joining technology.,,,We work globally in the most dynamic, challenging and innovative markets. With our technological innovations, we create new trends and set new standards. Our employees are our most important asset , because they are doers, dynamic persons, turbo tinkerers, power professionals and horizon broadeners. They are energetic, flexible, independent and have the drive to deal with new situations and challenges in a professional and creative manner. They shape Herrmann.,,,Trade Show,,EWPTE,,14\. May,-,16\. May 2024,,Milwaukee, USA, Booth: 1119,,,Trade Show,,CIDPEX,,15\. May,-,17\. May 2024,,Wuhan, China,,,News,,More power for strong cable connections,,Faster wire-terminal connections with large cross-sections: with the Ultrasonic Power Stack 12.000, Herrmann Ultraschall has developed an expansion for the ULTRASAFE W that increases the machine's power while simultaneously reducing cycle times. This increases the manufacturing,s efficiency and makes the user-friendly welding machine even more versatile.,,,Trade Show,,ANEX,,22\. May,-,24\. May 2024,,Taipei Nangang, Taiwan,,,News,,Clean oceans as a matter of heart,,Donating an additional 10,000 euros for the protection of oceans: After 2022, Herrmann Ultraschall is once again supporting the non-profit organization The Ocean Cleanup, which frees the oceans from plastic waste.,,,Trade Show,,Global Pouch Forum,,29\. May,-,31\. May 2024,,Clearwater, USA,,,News,,Ultrasonic Excellence for CGM Devices: Ensuring Precision on World Diabetes Day & Beyond,,As we commemorate World Diabetes Day, we unveil the future of Continuous Glucose Monitor (CGM) device assembly.,,,Trade Show,,FIP,,04\. June,-,07\. June 2024,,Lyon, France,,,News,,New process: Sealing uncoated paper with ultrasonics,,Ultrasonic sealing of uncoated paper is a joining process that is as innovative as it is environmentally friendly, enabling packaging companies to save significant amounts of energy and resources. Patent holder Syntegon Technology GmbH recently handed over exclusive rights to the process to Herrmann Ultraschall. The company wants to move the process to market maturity and establish it in the packaging industry.,,,Trade Show,,EXPO PACK,,04\. June,-,07\. June 2024,,Mexico City,,Ultrasonic welding means joining without adhesives,,screws or heat from an outside source. During this process, material is,strategically melted by means of ultrasonic vibrations so that a cohesive or form-fit joint is produced. As economic production method with short cycle times, ultrasonic welding ensures a large degree of process control and repeatable quality results.,,,Ultrasonic welding basics,,The ultrasonic welding,,We explain, the physical mechanism of the ultrasonic technology, which components are required, and which variables are most influential.,,,Webinars + Seminars,,Herrmann Academy,,In our Herrmann Academy you will learn everything about the application possibilities and advantages of the joining technology. For this purpose, our experienced instructors regularly organize seminars and webinars where you have the opportunity to learn the basics of ultrasonic welding or bring yourself up to date with the latest developments.,