Title: Sunfor Technologies | Specialist Lighting Supplier | Randburg,,,Markdown Content:,,### Providing light when you need it,,### SPECIALIST LIGHTING SUPPLIER AND MANUFACTURER,,Sunfor Technologies (Pty) Ltd is a LED and Solar LED lighting manufacturing company with a reputable portfolio of reliable suppliers. We are specialist lighting suppliers of, LED Lighting and Solar LED lighting products for the commercial and industrial sectors.,,### SUPPORT PROUDLY SA,,Our Solar LED products are our own designs and manufactured locally with up to 70% local content. Broad Based Black Economic Empowerment Verification Certificate.,,LOCAL & AFRICA INSTALLATION,---------------------------,,All our products are pr,-examined, hi-tech and sourced from high-quality rare earth materials. Our Solar LED products are our own designs and manufactured locally with up to 60% local content.,,,ABOUT US,--------,,Sunfor Technologies (Pty) Ltd is a LED supplier and Solar LED lighting manufacturing company with a reputable portfolio of reliable suppliers. Our product ranges cater for the commercial, industrial and private sectors. The LED chips we use are from top suppliers, Philips, Osram, Cree, Nichia and Bridgelux., Most of our LEDs we supply are from the 130 to 210 lumens per watt category. All our products are pr,-examined, hi-tech and sourced from high-quality rare earth materials. Our Solar LED products are our own designs and manufactured locally with up to 70% local content with some components being imported., Solar LED street lighting ranges from a 12 to 300w on single arm designs, 2 x 12w up too 2 x 200w on double arm street lights. Solar flood lighting ranges from a single 10w up too 300w and double floods from 2 x 10w too 2 x 200w. We also manufacture Solar LED high mast lighting from 4 x 65w, 4 x 80w, 4 x 100w, 4 x 150, 6 x 150, 8 x 100 watt and 6 x 200w. Our metal work on all our designs are manufactured by a local SABS approved and an ISO 9001 certified factory. Our locally manufactured Lithium batteries are from an ISO9001 certified supplier. This offers our clientele peace of mind that your components have been manufactured to spec and quality is guaranteed. We assemble most of our LED fittings so future repairs and maintenance is offered on our products ranges. Our warranties on our products range from, 3 to 5 years with an option to extend to 7 year warranties.,,About,