Title: EuropeanBatteries.com - Reference Guide For All Your Energy Needs,,,Markdown Content:,An electric battery, electric accumulator or simply battery, is a device consisting of one or more electrochemical cells that can convert stored chemical energy into electrical current. Each cell consists of a positive electrode, or anode, a negative electrode, or cathode, and electrolytes that allow ions to move between the electrodes, allowing current to flow out of the battery to perform its function, powering an electrical circuit.,,Batteries come in many shapes and sizes, from the miniature cells used in hearing aids and wristwatches, to the room-sized battery banks that provide backup power for telephone exchanges and data center computers.,,**History**,,On March 20, 1800, Alessandro Volta informed the Royal Society of his invention of the nametag that now bears his name. Three years later, in 1803, Johann Wilhelm Ritter built his electric battery; like many others that followed, it was a theoretical and experimental prototype, with no possible practical application. Already in 1836 John Frederic Daniell invented the Daniell battery, based on the Volta battery, but which prevented the accumulation of hydrogen. Shortly afterwards, in 1844, William Robert Grove invented his own battery, which represented an evolution and increase in power with respect to the previous ones, widely used in the telegraphic networks of the United States until 1860.,,In 1860, Gaston Plant, built the first model of lead-acid battery with pretensions of being a usable device, which was only relatively true, so it was not successful. By the end of the 19th century, however, electricity was rapidly becoming an everyday item, and when Plant, again publicly explained the characteristics of his accumulator in 1879, it was much better received, so that it began to be manufactured and used almost immediately, initiating an intense and continuous process of development to perfect it and avoid its shortcomings, a process that still continues in the first decades of the 21st century.,,In 1887, Carl Gassner patented the so-called dry cell, because it did not have a free liquid electrolyte, but a plaster paste from Paris. At the same time, in 1887 Frederick William Ludwig Hellesen developed his own dry cell design. It has been claimed that Hellesen,s design preceded Gassner,s. The first industrially manufactured dry cell for the general public emerged from Gassner,s model, replacing plaster of Paris with spiral board and with zinc and carbon electrodes.,,At the end of the 19th century, in 1899, the Swedish scientist Waldemar Jungner invented the nickel-cadmium (Ni-Cd) battery, a rechargeable battery that had nickel and cadmium electrodes in a solution of potassium hydroxide (caustic potash, KOH). It was marketed in Sweden in 1910 and arrived in the United States in 1946. Jungner himself experimented to replace cadmium with iron in different proportions, work that was later taken up by Thomas Alva Edison, who, based on the work of the former, patented in 1903 another type of battery with iron and nickel electrodes whose electrolyte was also potassium hydroxide. They began to be commercialized in 1908 and still they are produced, as much the original models as evolved models of other manufacturers.,,In the middle of the next century, in 1955, the engineer Lewis Urry, trying to find a way to increase the useful life of the zinc-carbon batteries, modified the electrodes arriving at the development of the well-known ones like alkaline batteries, although with a manufacture of greater cost. Urry,s battery consisted of a manganese dioxide cathode and a zinc anode powder with an alkaline electrolyte. These batteries were launched on the market in 1959.,,Experimentation with lithium batteries began in 1912 with G. N. Lewis, but it was not until the 1970s that the first batteries were marketed. Today, various batteries are used with lithium at the anode and different substances at the cathode: iron sulfide, manganese dioxide, sulfur dioxide, thionyl chloride, carbon mono-fluoride, etc.,,Despite the development of nickel-hydrogen technology in the 1970s for commercial communications satellites, the first nickel metal hydride (NiMH) batteries did not appear on the market for current uses until 1989.,,In the 1980s, American chemist John B. Goodenough led a Sony research team that would eventually produce the lithium-ion battery, which was rechargeable and more stable than the pure lithium battery. In 1996, the lithium-ion polymer battery was launched, in which the electrolyte is housed in a solid polymer compound and the electrodes and separators are laminated together, allowing flexible packaging.,,,,,,,,,,,,Bestselling Products,--------------------,,,,*   Amazon Prime Video (Video on Demand),*   Jeremy Gardner, Adam Cronheim, Alana O'Brien (Actors),*   Jeremy Gardner (Director) - Jeremy Gardner (Writer) - Jeremy Gardner (Producer),*   English (Playback Language),*   English (Subtitle),,,,*   Beautiful battery monitor,*   Know how much time you have left for each activity,*   Battery widget,*   Battery in Notification Bar,*   Run full calibration for better results,*   Arabic (Publication Language),,,,*   AA 1.5-volt performance alkaline batteries. Great bulk-buy option; store for emergencies or use right away,*   10-year leak-free shelf life; air- and liquid-tight seal locks in the power until it,s needed thanks to the improved design, which includes dual crimps, a new zinc composition, and anti-corrosion components,*   Delivers the amount of power needed for a specific device; ideal for game controllers, toys, flashlights, digital cameras, clocks, and more,*   Ships in Certified Frustration-Free Packaging; backed by an AmazonBasics 1-year limited warranty,*   Note: these batteries are NOT rechargeable. For reusable options, check out AmazonBasics rechargeable batteries,*   Same product, new look! Appearance of batteries you receive may vary,,,,*   Note: Refer user manual before use,*   Durable design protects against the worst enemy of a truck battery , road vibration (compared to standard flooded batteries),*   Calcium alloy is optimized to produce a fine grain, corrosion-resistant grid, maximize cycle life and minimizes water consumption for battery durability,*   Fully charged ACDelco Batteries (OCV is >12.5) should be stored in an upright position at temperatures between 32,F and 70,F. When a battery is stored, a very slow chemical reaction takes place between the plate materials and the electrolyte, causing a slow discharge. This reaction, called a self-discharge, occurs more rapidly at higher temperatures. Therefore, it is not recommended to store next to a furnace or other heat source. If an ACDelco Battery is completely discharged, the electrolyte will freeze when stored below 30,F. To prevent electrolyte freezing and battery damage, do not store ACDelco Batteries below 30,F if their OCV is less than 12.5 volts. Check battery every 2 months and maintain a voltage of 12.4 volts or higher.,,,,*   24 pack of Energizer MAX alkaline AA batteries and 24 Pack of Energizer MAX alkaline AAA batteries,*   Our no.1 longest lasting Max battery powers everyday devices,*   Leak resistant construction protects your devices from leakage of fully used batteries for up to 2 years. Bonus: it's guaranteed,*   Holds power up to 10 years in storage so you're never left powerless,*   From the makers of the No. 1 longest lasting AA battery (Energizer Ultimate Lithium), and the Energizer Bunny,,,,*   Fits Model Years 1997-2020 Electra Glide, Road Glide, Road King, Street Glide and Ultra Classic,*   Made in the U.S.A. - Maintenance Free - Fully Charged - Ready to Install,*   Same Quality and Power as Original Equipment Battery - 400 CCA and 28 AH. Dimensions: L = 6 5/8, W = 5 3/16, H = 6 7/8. Weight - 23 lbs.,*   AGM (Absorbed Glass Mat) Non Spillable Sealed Technology With Heat Sealed Cover and Patented Solid Lead Female Threaded Terminals. New Stainless Steel Bolts Included!,*   30 Day Money Back Guarantee and 18 Month Free Replacement Warranty,,,,*   12-Volt, 720 Cold Cranking Amps, Size: 9.38 x 7.69 x 6.75-Inches Weight: 31.7 pounds, SAE Posts,*   Reserve capacity of 90 minutes for constant performance,*   Optimal starting power even in bad weather. Case material is Polypropylene,*   Fifteen times more resistant to vibration for durability,*   This item is not for sale in Catalina Island,*   Fit Type: Vehicle Specific,,,,*   ,High Quality: Tested under Strict Quality Control Standards. CE and ROHS Certified. Grade A cells CR2032 Ensure Longer Battery Life and Long Lasting Power,*   ,Get the Exact Fresh CR2032 Battery, Have Full 3 Volts Charge, 3 Years Shelf Life,*   ,Primarily used in Watches, Computer motherboards, Calculators, PDAs, Electronic organizers, Garage door openers, Toys, Games, MP3 players, Digital voice recorders, Door chimes, Pet collars, LED lights, Sporting goods, Pedometers, Calorie counters, Stopwatches, Glucometers, Medical devices, and more,*   ,If your device uses any of the following batteries, this is what you are looking for.:Energizer CR2032,CR2032BP,DL2032,ECR2032,KCR2032,BR2032,LM2032,5004LC,5004LB,L14,SB-T15,EA2032C,EA-2032C,L2032,2032,DJ2032,KL2032,E- CR2032,KECR2032,GPCR2032,KT-CR2032,*   ,What You Get: 10PCS CR2032 Batteries in Exact Blister Pack,,,,*   BATTERY TYPE: YTX30L-BS 12V 30AH, 385 CCA, 360 Watts (H)6. 89" x (L)6. 54" x (W)4. 96" Polarity: - + is a rechargeable, power sport battery,*   VERSATILE FIT: This YTX30L-BS battery fits in a variety of applications, ranging from motorcycles, ATVs, jet skis, and more,*   TOP TECHNOLOGY: The Acid inside is constructed with Absorbed Glass Mat technology allowing for a low-maintenance and spill proof battery. Patented sealed post prevents corrosion which gives extended battery life,*   EASY APPLICATION: Chrome Battery batteries come fully charged and ready to go once delivered. Simply connect your battery to the application and you are ready to go,*   CUSTOMER SERVICE: Top notch from real battery experts! . Terminal Type: Screw & O-Ring,*   Vehicle Specific fit,,,,,,,*   One 4-pack of 9-volt alkaline batteries for reliable performance across a wide range of devices,*   Ideal for household items like garage door openers, smoke detectors, radios, toys, and more,*   Improved design offers a 5-year leak-free shelf life; store for emergencies or use right away,*   Ships in Certified Frustration-Free Packaging; backed by an Amazon Basics 1-year limited warranty,*   Note: these batteries are NOT rechargeable. For reusable options, check out Amazon Basics rechargeable batteries,*   To learn more about recycling single-use batteries, simply copy/paste this link into your browser: call2recycle.org/what-can-i-recycle,,,,*   12-Volt, 720 Cold Cranking Amps, Size: 10 5/16" x 6 13/16" x 7 5/8" tall, Weight: 39.5 pounds, SAE Posts,*   Reserve capacity of 90 minutes for constant performance;Up to 3X longer life,*   Optimal starting power even in bad weather,*   Fifteen times more resistant to vibration for durability.This item is not for sale in Catalina Island,*   C20 Capacity:44 Amp hour,,,,*   24 pack of Energizer MAX alkaline AA batteries,*   Our No.1 Longest Lasting MAX AA battery powers everyday devices,*   Leak resistant construction protects your devices from leakage of fully used batteries for up to 2 years. Bonus: It,s guaranteed,*   Power for your nonstop family,s must have devices like toys, flashlights, clocks, remotes, and more,*   Holds power up to 10 years in storage so you,re never left powerless,*   From the makers of the No. 1 longest lasting AA battery (Energizer Ultimate Lithium), and the Energizer Bunny,,,,*   Duracell AA Batteries: The Duracell CopperTop Double A alkaline battery is designed for use in household items like remotes, toys, and more.,*   Duracell guarantees these batteries against defects in material and workmanship. Should any device be damaged due to a battery defect, we will repair or replace it at our option.\*,*   Long Lasting Power: Duracell alkaline batteries are designed and developed for long lasting performance.,*   Guaranteed for 10 years in Storage: Duracell AA alkaline batteries are guaranteed for 10 years in storage.,*   #1 Trusted Battery Brand: Duracell CopperTop batteries are available in Double A (AA), Triple A (AAA), C, D and 9V sizes.,,,,*   48 pack of Energizer MAX alkaline AAA batteries,*   Our No.1 Longest Lasting MAX AAA battery powers everyday devices,*   Leak resistant-construction protects your devices from leakage of fully used batteries for up to 2 years. Bonus: It,s guaranteed,*   Power for your nonstop family,s must have devices like toys, flashlights, clocks, remotes, and more,*   Holds power up to 10 years in storage, so you,re never left powerless,*   From the makers of the No.1 longest lasting AA battery (Energizer Ultimate Lithium), and the Energizer Bunny,,,,*   One 24-pack of 1.5V C cell alkaline batteries, providing long-lasting reliable power. Packaging may Vary,*   Ideal for a variety of everyday devices, including toys, clocks, flashlights, and more,*   Improved design offers a 5-year leak-free shelf life; store for emergencies or use right away,*   Ships in Certified Frustration-Free Packaging; backed by an Amazon Basics 1-year limited warranty,*   Note: these batteries are NOT rechargeable. For reusable options, check out Amazon Basics rechargeable batteries,*   To learn more about recycling single-use batteries, simply copy/paste this link into your browser: call2recycle.org/what-can-i-recycle,,,,,*   100 AA BATTERIES: Includes 100 AA super alkaline bulk batteries with 1.5 volts of long lasting power,*   EVERYDAY DEVICES: ACDelco AA batteries deliver optimal power to common every day household devices such as clocks, remote controls, game controllers, digital cameras, computer mice, toys and more,*   LONG LASTING POWER: ACDelco super alkaline batteries deliver long lasting maximum power that is consistent and reliable,*   10-YEAR SHELF LIFE: All ACDelco alkaline batteries are built to last with an impressive ten-year shelf life,*   ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT: Our 1.5-volt alkline batteries contain no mercury or cadmium, making them a smart choice for your family and for the environment,,,,*   Contains six 6 Energizer 2032 Lithium Coin Batteries,*   Delivers long lasting, dependable performance in specialty devices like heart rate monitors, remotes, keyless entry systems, glucose monitors, toys, and games,*   Holds power for up to 10 years in storage, ensuring you have Lithium Coin Batteries ready when you need them,*   Cell size: 2032; IEC: CR2032; Type: Lithium Coin; Volt: 3,*   Replacement for: L14, DL2032, SB-T15, and 5004LC,*   These lithium batteries can withstand a wide temperature range, from -22, to 140, F,,,,*   Duracell AAA Batteries: The Duracell CopperTop AAA alkaline battery is designed for use in household items like remotes, toys, and more.,*   Duracell guarantees these batteries against defects in material and workmanship. Should any device be damaged due to a battery defect, we will repair or replace it at our option.,*   Long Lasting Power: Duracell alkaline batteries are designed and developed for long lasting performance.,*   Guaranteed for 10 years in Storage: Duracell AAA alkaline batteries are guaranteed for 10 years in storage.,*   #1 Trusted Battery Brand: Duracell CopperTop batteries are available in Double A (AA), Triple A (AAA), C, D and 9V sizes.,,,,*   One 24-pack of D Cell 1.5V alkaline batteries providing long-lasting reliable power,*   Ideal for a variety of everyday devices, including toys, clocks, flashlights, and more,*   Improved design offers a 5-year leak-free shelf life; store for emergencies or use right away,*   Ships in Certified Frustration-Free Packaging; backed by an Amazon Basics 1-year limited warranty,*   Note: these batteries are NOT rechargeable. For reusable options, check out Amazon Basics rechargeable batteries,*   To learn more about recycling single-use batteries, simply copy/paste this link into your browser: call2recycle.org/what-can-i-recycle,