Title: Lithium & Lead Acid Battery Manufacturers/Suppliers | Discover Battery,,,Published Time: 2022-08-24 21:11:14,,Markdown Content:,**What began as a regional battery distribution business in 1949 has grown into an international manufacturing and engineering company that provides leading-edge battery technology for transportation, motive power, and energy storage industries.**,  ,Discover Battery,s high value lead-acid and lithium power solutions are engineered and purpose-built with award-winning patented technology and industry-leading power electronics.,,Discover Battery makes our products available through the best knowledge-based distribution and service organizations for the people and businesses who rely on batteries to work, live, or get away.,,### What Our Partners Are Saying,,At Satic Solar we have installed several Discover AES batteries over the years and recommend them.,,,We have been using 48-volt 6.65 kWh Discover lithium batteries for several years now. Our largest lithium battery bank to date is for an off-grid system using 10 of the 6.65 kWh packs.,,,President  ,Four Elements Energy Inc.,,We do a tremendous amount of business with Discover and plan to do more., They are a true partner.,They are always proactive in new product technologies and offer an excellent product portfolio - both competitive and value add features.,,,CEO  ,Continental Battery Systems,,I have a high degree of respect for the Discover team and would highly recommend them as a supplier to any organization.,,,Former CEO  ,Continental Battery Systems,,The relationship with Discover is efficient and honest, driven by the success of the DRY CELL AGM batteries for long-term use and their compatibility with onboard chargers. It,s all about efficiency in this very complex market.,,,Discover has been a strong partner with the Tennant Company for over a decade. Not only Does Discover provide an excellent product, but they have proven itself over the years to be hard-working and innovative in every aspect of its business.,,,Material Controller  ,Tennant USA,,We have been working with Discover for several years and found their product to be of the highest quality. The sales team has also been a great asset, and having them as a partner has improved our business greatly.,,,President  ,Empire Batteries, Inc.,,We,ve been impressed with the performance and reliability of Discover batteries. We are keen for our customers in Europe and the rest of the world to now benefit from reduced maintenance and lifetime costs.,,,Discover has been a valuable supplier for IPC Eagle for over a decade. They deliver a quality product with on-time performance. Discover provides excellent sales and technical support for its products and is a valuable resource for all types of batteries in the battery industry.,,,Discover lithium batteries are the best lithium batteries we tested to work with our hybrid inverters.,,,CTO  ,Schneider Electric - Solar Division,,Great quality! We are very satisfied with the MIXTECH batteries for our automotive fleet.,,,Manager  ,Solar-Log Germany,,I absolutely LOVE these batteries! These combined with the Sol-Ark 12 are handling the loads I have with ease.,,,CEM  ,Pacific Refrigeration & Market Equipment Inc.,,Discover has worked hard to keep Karcher on the leading edge of battery technology. Discover have and show a genuine desire to look after Karcher and our customers and understand that it is Karcher,s customers who ultimately keep us both in business.,,,Director of Product Management  ,Karcher North America,,Awesome! Thanks for helping designers and sales guys with tools to help sell a product better.,,,Solar Power Consultant  ,Gardner Energy,,Discover AES has operated with total reliability. They have improved the performance of our electrical system by about 30%.,,,Discover is an amazing business partner. Discover has been supplying us with batteries and chargers for a decade. Discover is committed to great customer service. Easy to deal with and always professional. I would highly recommend teaming up with Discover.,,,Parts Manager  ,Smiley Lifting Solutions,,I have been using Discover batteries on my sport fisher for 20 years. Our usage is extreme, and Discover lives up to its specifications giving us more amps to power our extensive demand. It is the only battery I have ever recommended. I never worry with Discover; it gives me great peace of mind.,,,Discover batteries perform better than any other battery I have used in 47 years as a yacht management company in Newport Beach, California. We have maintained, serviced and replaced thousands of batteries, and Discover has been the easiest to work with.,,,Discover has been and continues to be a valuable source of high-quality automotive and fleet truck batteries. In addition to their batteries, their quality of service is second to none. Discover has worked with us in every facet of our business to help in whatever way it can.,,,CEO  ,EcoVolt Power Corporation,,Discover AES LiFePO4 batteries ability to charge quickly make them ideal for off-grid applications to help reduce generator use. The fuel savings our customers realize is astounding.,,,President  ,Hakai Energy Solution,,Discover AES is easy to install and has the best power electronics integration of any battery I,ve seen.,,,Owner  ,West Coast Sustainables,,When we evaluated off-grid lithium batteries that could represent our brand and reputation, Discover AES was the obvious choice.,,,After seven years of working with Discover, I would consider them one of our most valued business partners. I never once had a problem or issue that wasn,t quickly attended to and resolved through our close partnership.,,,Sr. Global Commodity Leader  ,Karcher North America,,Blown away by the quality! I upgraded to the Discover lithium-ion battery. WOW what a difference! I went from 183 lbs of lead to just 26.4 lbs, and cut my recharging time from 8 hours to just over an hour!,,,I have 4 AES LiFePO4 batteries at my house, and I live off-grid. Monitoring / Memory / History. NO maintenance. Big warranty.,,,The sealed tubulars from these folks are doing a great job at our off-grid community hall. With them we can even enjoy rock and roll without the generator.,,,President  ,DragonSun Consulting,,Our customers want to be sure they have the right battery for their application. We understand the features of Discover,s DRY CELL batteries and its compatibility with onboard OEM chargers, and now our customers are starting to see the benefits.,,,Sales and Purchasing Director  ,Wienold Lifte,,I had the opportunity to work closely with Discover for the last five years to convert MEWP equipment owners and operators from flooded deep-cycle to MEWP Dry Cell maintenance-free batteries.,,,Regional Parts Sales & Marketing Manager  ,OshKosh - JLG,,At Satic Solar we have installed several Discover AES batteries over the years and recommend them.,,,We have been using 48-volt 6.65 kWh Discover lithium batteries for several years now. Our largest lithium battery bank to date is for an off-grid system using 10 of the 6.65 kWh packs.,,,President  ,Four Elements Energy Inc.,,We do a tremendous amount of business with Discover and plan to do more., They are a true partner.,They are always proactive in new product technologies and offer an excellent product portfolio - both competitive and value add features.,,,CEO  ,Continental Battery Systems,,I have a high degree of respect for the Discover team and would highly recommend them as a supplier to any organization.,,,Former CEO  ,Continental Battery Systems,,The relationship with Discover is efficient and honest, driven by the success of the DRY CELL AGM batteries for long-term use and their compatibility with onboard chargers. It,s all about efficiency in this very complex market.,,,Discover has been a strong partner with the Tennant Company for over a decade. Not only Does Discover provide an excellent product, but they have proven itself over the years to be hard-working and innovative in every aspect of its business.,,,Material Controller  ,Tennant USA,,We have been working with Discover for several years and found their product to be of the highest quality. The sales team has also been a great asset, and having them as a partner has improved our business greatly.,,,President  ,Empire Batteries, Inc.,,We,ve been impressed with the performance and reliability of Discover batteries. We are keen for our customers in Europe and the rest of the world to now benefit from reduced maintenance and lifetime costs.,,,### Our Transportation Customers & OEM Partners,,### Our Motive Power Customers & OEM Partners,,### Our Solar Sales & Distribution Partners,,Discover sells business to business directly to Fleets and AWP Manufacturers through its global network of factory warehouses.,,If you,re a professional fleet manager or vehicle manufacturer, tell us about yourself, and a member of our sales team will reach out to you shortly.,