Title: Home Page,,,Markdown Content:,A Photovoltaic Solar System is essentially a group of components that can convert sunshine into electricity on a daily basis. A typical standalone system consists of a solar array (a collection of solar panels), a charge controller, a storage battery and an inverter that CONVERTS the electricity stored in the battery into normal household power.,,The amount of power that solar panels generate is dependent on sunlight. During cloudy conditions they will produce less energy and nothing at night. Batteries can store energy for use during times when there is no sun.,,The required size and number of panels will depend entirely on the total amount of electricity (kWh or units) that needs to be generated on a daily basis. The more electricity you require, the more panels you need. Once our system designers know what your daily energy demand is, they can calculate the number of panels required to produce this energy for your specific location.,,If you have a prepaid meter, take a reading every 24 hours and subtract the figures from each other. The answer will be the total number of units (kWh) that you consume in a 24 hour day. Doing this over a period of time will give a very good indication of your average daily energy consumption. If you get a monthly electricity bill, you need to divide the total monthly energy consumption (in kWh) by the number of days between readings. We can also temporarily install an energy logger to measure your electricity and power requirements very accurately. It is also possible to calculate an expected daily electricity requirement. Download our ,Energy Analysis Calculator, for this purpose. Please feel free to contact your closest ALLSOLAR branch for assistance or further information.,,For the majority of applications, lithium batteries are your best option. With a 10 year warranty, they offer the best value for money. Different brands and sizes are available and the capacity required will depend on energy storage requirements. Contact your closest ALLSOLAR branch for expert assistance.,,An inverter is an electronic device that changes Direct Current (DC) power that is stored in the battery bank, into Alternating Current (230 Volt AC) power that is required by common household appliances. Various sizes and types are available. The correct choice of inverter will depend on a number of factors relating to your power requirements and application. Once again, our specialists will advise you on the best options.,,This will entirely depend on the amount of energy (the number of units or kWh) that is required in a 24 hour period. Since different people have different electricity requirements, this total daily energy requirement can vary widely. A number of other factors will influence the initial investment amount, such as location, quality of components, reserve capacity, specific application etc. Your closest ALLSOLAR branch will be able to give you a quick estimation once you have answered a few questions!,,The Renewable Energy market is being flooded with cheap imports and new start up solar companies are mushrooming everywhere. Choose a company with a proven track record. The ALLSOLAR group has been in business for 10 years and we have countless reference sites all over Southern Africa.,,Of course! Our expandable design approach means your system could grow as your budget allows. We can also adapt system components to meet a smaller budget within reason.,,Not only do you save money on your electricity bills and protect yourself against future electricity increases, load shedding will be a thing of the past. The installed system also increases the value of your property. Homes with solar systems fetches a higher price in the property market.,,Section 12B of the Income Tax Act No. 58 of 1962, as amended, contains a specific allowance for renewable energy equipment. This is specifically for businesses, which means residential home owners can unfortunately not take advantage of this benefit.,,Solar panels have a warranty that guarantees at least 80% production after 25 years. Good solar panels also have a product warranty of at least 10 years. Inverter warranties are subject to the brand used. Good inverters have a warranty of 5 years. Quality lithium batteries have a 10 year warranty. Installing quality components will ensure that your solar system will generate electricity for many years.,,ALLSOLAR is the largest group of solar specialists in South Africa. With so many branches country wide, you know that you will be dealing with a reputable company backed by nationwide technical and product support. This fact alone should give you peace of mind! ALLSOLAR adds value to people and companies by arming them with the right knowledge and products to make informed decisions. The ALLSOLAR team represents a multitude of skilled professionals that shares their knowledge amongst our nationwide branches. In addition, we have a number of product specialists who act in an advisory capacity. Over the years we have a developed good relationships with product manufacturers who will assist with any support related issues.,