Title: Sustainable.co.za | Eco and Renewable Solutions Online,,,Markdown Content:,> ,,,,,I recently bought a wind turbine from Sustainable Their service was friendly and quick and the after sales service is excellent. When I had a question about the installation, which I did myself, they came back quickly with sound advice, and even gave me a follow-up call to make sure that everything went smoothly. I can highly recommend Sustainable for their friendly service and quality products.,> ,> Elna Van RijswijkKleinmond, CT,,> ,,,,,Great customer service from Sustainable. They made sure my order was delivered as promised, even though there was a slight delay; I was impressed with their prompt response and effort. I will definitely use them again in future.,> ,> Mkhuseli NkosiAeroton, JHB,,> ,,,,,The Team at Sustainable is THE A-TEAM! They have vast experience and can, thus, provide valuable expert advice during the planning of an installation. Their prices are very competitive and excellent value for money. The order process is user friendly and fast. Their follow-up, on one,s order, is absolutely impressive. Even though they had an item not in stock and, unfortunately, I had to purchase it elsewhere, when that item was not performing according to expectations, they immediately gave, on my request, excellent advice and offered to communicate on my behalf with the manufacturer!!!! That is customer care extraordinaire! Thank you very much!,> ,> Paul StygerSomerset West, CT,,> ,,,,,The service and support from the Sustainable team is really amazing. I purchased a replacement battery for my UPS, so I could continue to work during load shedding. For some reason, the courier company managed to mess up the delivery address and the battery went "missing". Reesha was really fantastic with the follow up on the battery and had a replacement unit sent urgently to me. Many phone calls from Sustainable to keep me updated with the progress and the battery arrived safe and sound. This is not the first purchase I have made from Sustainable and they have always been great with their delivery service and feedback, never mind the great product range and reasonable prices. Would certainly recommend them as a supplier of eco friendly products.,> ,> Hans KiesouwSedgefield, WC,,> ,,,,,I spoke to Zeke a week ago, first by email and then he called me back on my request. I was VERY impressed with his knowledge, friendliness and professionalism. He helped me to understand better what I needed and helped me to make the right purchase decision. I felt like I was dealing with a friend giving me advice. Thanks Sustainable. It was a pleasure dealing with you guys. May your business grow from strength to strength.,> ,> JC CraffordGarsfontein, PTA,,> ,,,,,After using this company for the last 8 years I have never experienced any issues . Had my technical issues resolved via email or telephonically.  ,> Would always recommend.,> ,> John MannionWadeville, JHB,