Title: Electricity Today T&D Magazine,,,Markdown Content:,News and Trends,---------------,,Latest News From The T&D Industry,,,,While the rise of electric vehicles (EVs) has captured significant attention in the fight against climate change, experts warn against viewing them as a singular solution. A growing chorus of voices is calling for a more comprehensive approach that addresses the complex challenge from multiple angles.,,While acknowledging the environmental benefits of EVs compared to gasoline-powered vehicles, concerns are being raised about their full environmental impact. Paris Marx, a prominent researcher, highlights the often-overlooked environmental...,,Popular T&D Articles,--------------------,,* * *,,T&D Buyer's Guide,-----------------,,* * *,,,T&D News,--------,,* * *,,,,BC Hydro has unveiled an innovative pilot project designed to enable electric vehicles (EVs) to contribute electricity back to the power grid, effectively transforming these vehicles into mobile energy storage units. The utility company recently announced the successful trial of the...,,* * *,,,,Fulham Co., Inc., a leading supplier of lighting components and electronics for commercial and specialty applications, today announced the addition of a new HotSpot Plus LED Driver & Emergency System with bottom side leads and studs (BLS) form factor designed for downlight and troffer...,,* * *,,,,When it comes to renewable energy job creation, the Trump administration would do well to take a fresh look at clean energy rather than focusing only on fossil fuels. The solar power sector employed twice as many workers in 2016 than power generation from coal, gas and oil combined, according to a...,,T&D Trends,----------,,* * *,,,,Montreal, Quebec - The city of Montreal slowly heals and regains power after the recent ice storm wreaked havoc on its infrastructure. While significant progress has been made by Hydro-Qu,bec in restoring electricity to residents, some areas might still experience outages over the weekend...,,* * *,,,,In a significant overhaul of its energy management system, Nova Scotia is set to remove the private utility's control over access to the power grid. This move, announced by Natural Resources Minister Tory Rushton, comes in the wake of recommendations from the Clean Electricity Task Force. The aim...,,,,**_How Smart Grid technologies can become an electrical hazard to rescue workers_**,,Smart Grid technologies have risen to prominence in North America. Media outlets, industry experts, vendors, and utilities all echo the same positive sentiments regarding a digitized power grid. However, new technologies can also introduce new hazards. Roy Burch, Manager of Loss Prevention and Environmental Compliance, for Guelph Hydro Electric Systems Inc., a distribution utility for the city of Guelph, Ontario, has actively reached out to first responders in an effort to educate them about the electrical hazards posed by new technologies such as solar panels and electric vehicles.,,...,,,,Verifying the functionality and integrity of a grounding system is critical to maintaining a safe workspace. Unfortunately, the tests used to achieve this goal, as well as the standards used to assess them, have required a specialized skillset, often leaving these tests done improperly or not at all. Now, with the industry progressing toward guided testing, new solutions make it possible for these tests to be performed correctly and accurately with limited test-specific training. Ultimately, this makes the difficulty of testing a ground grid similar to that of testing a transformer or circuit breaker. This article explains the purpose and...,,Popular Lineman Safety Articles,-------------------------------,,* * *,,,,Step Potential Step potential is the step voltage between the feet of a person standing near an energized grounded object. It is equal to the difference in voltage, given by the voltage distribution curve, between two points at different distances from the electrode. A person could be at risk of...,,,,A comprehensive review of IEEE guidelines and documents BY JIM TOMASESKI, IEEE, NESC Main Committee, PAR Electric Every day, utility workers are risking their lives in work environments that involve high-risk activities such as working at extreme heights, managing or repairing energized...,,,,Every layer of apparel you wear on the job, matters. A layering system is designed specifically to work together, layer by layer, to keep you dry, warm, and protected.But the layers you wear on the job are only as effective as the materials they are manufactured with and their inherent design...,,,,Protecting utility workers with documented reporting BY MIKE DOHERTY, PowerTel Utilities Contractors Limited Within the lineman trade, accountabilities for the documentation of various inspections, job safety analyses (JSAs), audits, safe work practices (SPGs), qualifications, safety meetings,...,,,Smart Grid,----------,,Electrical Substations,----------------------,,About Us,--------,,Electricity Today is a leading electrical transmission and distribution magazine distributed free of charge to North American T&D electric utility engineering, construction and maintenance personnel, as well as high-voltage T&D consulting engineers.,,Subscription,------------,,Popular Categories,------------------,