Title: Ambor Structures | Telecom, Lighting, Wind, Utility,,,Markdown Content:,941-655-POLE (7653) Mon thru Fri: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm 400 S. Tamiami Trail, Suite 150, Venice, FL 34285, USA,,,941-655-POLE (7653) Mon thru Fri: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm 400 S. Tamiami Trail, Suite 150, Venice, FL 34285, USA,,### Excellence in Product Quality,,All of our structures come with a quality control report to ensure that they meet our standards for quality and excellence. We take great pride in the craftsmanship of our products and are committed to delivering industry leading structures and components to our customers around the world.,,,### Customer Relationship Focused,,As one of our core values, we are dedicated to providing exceptional customer support, building strong partnerships, and delivering products tailored to our client,s unique needs. Our team is committed to working closely with you to ensure successful completion of your projects on schedule.,,,### Advanced Engineering Abilities,,Our team provides customized engineering and consultation to meet the specific requirements of each project, achieving optimal performance with the most effective and efficient designs. By staying up-to-date on the latest industry advancements and utilize cutting-edge technologies, our engineering solutions are the most innovative and advanced in the industry.,,,### AMBOR STRUCTURES IS A GLOBAL LEADER IN THE ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING OF HIGH-QUALITY STEEL STRUCTURES FOR THE LIGHTING, TELECOMMUNICATION, UTILITY AND DISTRIBUTED WIND INDUSTRIES,,As the global leader in distributed wind pole engineering and manufacturing, Ambor Structures specializes in designing, manufacturing, and delivering industry-leading structures to project sites worldwide. Our expertise in wind energy solutions enables us to provide customized products that meet the unique needs of each project. Trust us to engineer, manufacture, and deliver high-quality wind poles that are both reliable and cost-effective.,,,Ambor Structures is a trusted global provider of custom-made steel telecommunication poles and components. We are committed to delivering industry leading products that meet the needs of our customers and partners. Our expertise in telecom infrastructure solutions, combined with our commitment to excellence, has established us as a trusted partner to industry leaders worldwide. Choose Ambor Structures for lasting, reliable, and cost-effective telecom solutions.,,,Ambor specializes in the engineering and manufacturing of commercial light poles. This includes,,,Sports-Lighting,,,High-Mast (with circular raising and lowering systems),,,Parking,,,Roadways,,,Smart solar poles,,With decades of experience and a deep understanding of the latest trends and technologies, our team of experienced engineers and designers work closely with clients to develop custom lighting solutions that meet their specific project needs. Trust Ambor Structures for innovative, reliable, and cost-effective lighting solutions that enhance the aesthetics and functionality of your project.,,,Ambor Structures offers high-quality, high-performance, and extremely durable utility and substation structures that are custom designed to meet your project,s unique requirements, including cost, schedule, site environment, logistics, and installation needs. Our expert engineers and designers work closely with clients to ensure that every structure is optimized for maximum performance, reliability, and safety. Trust Ambor Structures for customized utility pole solutions that will meet your project needs and exceed your expectations.,,,The QuikBase by Ambor Structures is an excellent concrete-free foundation solution for sites in remote areas or where permitting requirements limit the use of traditional foundations. The Quikbase is also the perfect foundation solution for rapid deployment and projects that require a temporary pole installation (telecom, lighting, wind-energy). Our innovative non-penetrating, concrete-free foundations are quick and easy to install, reducing project time and cost while delivering reliable and durable support for your structures. Trust Ambor Structures for cutting-edge foundation solutions that meet your project needs and exceed your expectations.,,,Ambor Structures, pole raising systems provide quick and easy monopole installation and maintenance without the need for a crane, saving you valuable time and money. Our innovative solutions give you the flexibility to raise and lower your structures with ease, making maintenance tasks safer and more efficient. Trust Ambor Structures for reliable and cost-effective pole raising systems that meet your project needs and exceed your expectations.,,,### OUR STORY,,Ambor Structures is a global leader in engineering and manufacturing steel structures for telecom, small wind, utility, and lighting markets. With over 20 years of experience, we are committed to providing exceptional customer service, on-time delivery, and quality manufacturing to our clients. Our mission is simple, to be your trusted partner in steel structure manufacturing, delivering innovative solutions that meet your unique project needs and enable you to complete your projects on schedule. Choose Ambor Structures for reliable and durable steel structures that exceed your expectations.,,At Ambor Structures, our colleagues have decades of steel pole engineering manufacturing experience and are dedicated to providing top-tier manufacturing, innovative design, and intelligent engineering of steel structures. We believe in the power of partnerships and know that our success is tied to the relationships we build with our clients. That,s why we promise open and honest communication, a 100% focus on your project until successful on-schedule completion, and a commitment to treating you as our most valued customer. Choose Ambor Structures as a reliable partner in steel structure manufacturing, focused on your success.,,### Ambor Structures is a leading provider of custom-designed steel structures for the telecommunications, distributed wind, utility, and lighting industries. Our monopole towers and structures are tailored to meet your specific project needs and are trusted by clients worldwide for their reliability and durability.,,[](#realfactory-top-anchor),,